add doc about modality and library tags (#1339)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-cards.md

</div>

Read more about paper pages [here](./paper-pages).

### Force set a dataset modality

> The Hub will automatically detect the modality of a dataset based on the files it contains (audio, video, geospatial, etc.). If you want to force a specific modality, you can add a tag to the dataset card metadata: `3d`, `audio`, `geospatial` (or `remote-sensing`), `image`, `tabular`, `text`, `timeseries`, `video`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hub will automatically detect the modality of a dataset based on the files it contains (audio, video, geospatial, etc.). If you want to force a specific modality, you can add a tag to the dataset card metadata: `3d`, `audio`, `geospatial`, `image`, `tabular`, `text`, `timeseries`, `video`.
```
no need to detail this here imo

For example, to force the modality to `audio`, add the following to the dataset card metadata:

```yaml
tags:
- audio
```

### Associate a library to the dataset

> The dataset page automatically shows libraries and tools that support the dataset, but if you want to show another specific library, you can add a tag to the dataset card metadata: `argilla`, `dask`, `datasets`, `distilabel`, `fiftyone`, `mlcroissant` (or `croissant`), `pandas`, `webdataset`. See the [list of supported libraries](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js/blob/main/packages/tasks/src/dataset-libraries.ts) for more information, or to propose to add a new library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dataset page automatically shows libraries and tools that are able to natievly load the dataset, but if you want to show another specific library, you can add a tag to the dataset card metadata: `argilla`, `dask`, `datasets`, `distilabel`, `fiftyone`, `mlcroissant`, `pandas`, `webdataset`. See the [list of supported libraries](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js/blob/main/packages/tasks/src/dataset-libraries.ts) for more information, or to propose to add a new library.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The dataset page automatically shows libraries and tools that are able to natively load the dataset, but if you want to show another specific library, you can add a tag to the dataset card metadata: `argilla`, `dask`, `datasets`, `distilabel`, `fiftyone`, `mlcroissant`, `pandas`, `webdataset`. See the [list of supported libraries](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js/blob/main/packages/tasks/src/dataset-libraries.ts) for more information, or to propose to add a new library.
```
